Michelle Lucero: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, good. I did have my computer shut down earlier. So I want to check in, make sure you can hear and see me, everything's in sync.
Michelle Lucero: Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and see. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am an open up a note for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: HOW, HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN UP.
Michelle Lucero: Um, I woke up bad seven around seven
Michelle Lucero: I've been on the phone with the school.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is my son's
Michelle Lucero: IEP was done back in like
Michelle Lucero: November, and they're barely getting to his assessment now and it's doom. A second
Michelle Lucero: And they wanted to meet with me while I met with them this morning at nine and then it just ended like at 48
Michelle Lucero: I've been on the phone with them this long.
Michelle Lucero: But
Michelle Lucero: I told him I have a meeting at 11
Michelle Lucero: Though like your lack of planning doesn't. I'm not going to stop what I'm doing. I can't believe that they're barely getting to this now. Like it blows my mind. But yeah, if I were to like be slow on something, it's like
Michelle Lucero: Yet on it, but I've been telling them since November wasn't supposed to have an assessment done and there
Michelle Lucero: It's just irritating.
Gwenevere Abriel: So their lack of planning is not sure emergency
Michelle Lucero: Yeah. And I just, I learned that. Whoa, and I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where else does it show up in your life. Are you love it.
Michelle Lucero: Oh my god, it's everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple more minutes here now to grow something no problem last meeting looks like was 42
Michelle Lucero: A personality test today at two.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were able to meet today. I think what we'll do is we'll do it in reverse and will schedule something
Gwenevere Abriel: For next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the front end of this session.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do you need to get a calendar anything to get a sense of what your next week is
Gwenevere Abriel: Any
Michelle Lucero: I don't have a calendar, except for my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's see if you get logged off or if you i think i bet the video just freeze. I think that'll be the worst thing that will happen first case, you can always log back in
Michelle Lucero: Can you still hear me and see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you. So let's go with that.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, yeah, I'm on my calendars, so
Michelle Lucero: The 22nd next week. I have nothing one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, but that so just slow down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have
Gwenevere Abriel: Something with a bill you may have some sort of somebody's home, you may have something with
Gwenevere Abriel: One of your kids schools. So just kind of think it's the end of April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of run it through and see if you think you might have something, it didn't make it onto the calendar yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your work. I thought you told me started on the 30th.
Michelle Lucero: On the second I just got
Michelle Lucero: An email from my box.
Gwenevere Abriel: The second is a Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so starts. Okay. So Michelle starts
Gwenevere Abriel: Check this out. That's why I like pencil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be different. Let's see how it goes. You've been getting up a little early for next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm booked except I'm seeing eight o'clock on April 28 so you'd have to kind of jump up through some cold water on your face. It's a Wednesday, April. Sorry, I misspoke April 29 at eight.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have only been up for like half hour hour so it'll be kind of an early morning appointment and then
Gwenevere Abriel: And then over the weekend. If you could maybe make a note to contact me with the following week schedule. I don't need your schedule. I just need to know what your limitations are
Michelle Lucero: Okay, I, good to have you now.
Because every
Michelle Lucero: Back. I have a set schedule. So it's 723 Tuesday through Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so probably what we'll do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Alternate
Gwenevere Abriel: Group individual group individual on a Monday. It sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably what so let's move forward a little bit into
Gwenevere Abriel: May 4 would be Monday.
Michelle Lucero: Hey, that week, I have to do well with my deal
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, this would be Monday. Would you think you're going to see your appeal on Monday.
Michelle Lucero: No, no, it's on the six
Michelle Lucero: So on Monday, I am free.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your job knows obviously their friends so that you go into see your PO you pull away from work, you go to do and then go back to work out what those days look like
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you going to be all the way, often May six, or you'll go back to work.
Michelle Lucero: No, I will. It's just a duo call with him because their offices aren't open so
Michelle Lucero: Just a glass. Yeah, last month was
Michelle Lucero: I mean this month was a dual call so
Michelle Lucero: He told me to just meet with him on Google on me six until unless I hear otherwise unless their office opens
Michelle Lucero: I still have invited anyone. I'm still planning on doing the dual
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: 10am may 4
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll message you the night before, just
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure this gets into your calendar with reminders and if you can respond to my text and let me know if you can attend. I've got people on waiting lists. So
Gwenevere Abriel: You are today.
Michelle Lucero: Will I still have group that Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So earlier I said, You'll be alternating group and individual. Remember that
Michelle Lucero: Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what that means that means you won't be attending group that week.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just lost the green cap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you like to know where it is, that's not gonna be
Gwenevere Abriel: Here soon anyway. So yeah, on Monday, May 4
Gwenevere Abriel: Will not be a group
Gwenevere Abriel: On that
Gwenevere Abriel: That week
Michelle Lucero: So then the following week I will have group.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: May 11 so this is
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you're writing this all out what you'd see is
Gwenevere Abriel: What do we have what's our first thing we just noted
Michelle Lucero: APRIL THE 29th at eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you would be attending
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next service, of course, actually would be Monday for group.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that makes sense. Yeah, we started the new work process. So when you're writing things down and you putting in your phone. It'll be April 29 and you're you've been assigned to 1pm
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Then April 29 8am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: General licious touch base on a couple of things. How is your sleep been over the last, let's say week
Michelle Lucero: Um, I got a good night's sleep last night the night before was pretty crappy I was at my dad's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right well housing houses health right now.
Michelle Lucero: He's feeling better. I came in yesterday to get his prescription because the doctors like he's not going to the doctors or anything we've just been doing it like over the phone.
Michelle Lucero: So they prescribed medication. So I came into town to get it yesterday. And in a while, had his debit card, so I had to go get it from her.
Michelle Lucero: And anyways. He's doing his medications working and I called him this morning when I woke up he's feeling better. He's sad that I left.
Michelle Lucero: I feel bad, but Noel thought it was going to be like slumber time what I'm like, you know, I have to do school with my son. I came because Dad needed me because you weren't here, but now that you're home. I need to go home.
Michelle Lucero: She wanted me to stay and he wanted me to stay but it's just too chaotic there.
Michelle Lucero: And my nephew, my nephew's there and he's doing really good, he just past 30 days sobriety.
Michelle Lucero: And so probably him. Um, but it's just the the tension there is so high. I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the tension.
Michelle Lucero: At my dad's house like
Gwenevere Abriel: I get
Michelle Lucero: Oh, you mean between go
Michelle Lucero: Now while everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Michelle Lucero: She just puts everybody. Oh my god, it's it's horrible. The way the the environment at my dad's when my sister wasn't there.
Michelle Lucero: Was so laid back and chill and we laughed, and even my dad laughed and he wasn't feeling good, but he was in a good mood, but the minute she walks in everybody's attitude changes.
Michelle Lucero: And it's I hated to see it, but like, that's just the reality. And I called my dad this morning and I told him like, did you notice the way
Michelle Lucero: Everyone went to their rooms. When the wild got home, like we were all in the living room. But then once in a while, Jove up. I'm not even kidding. It was like
Michelle Lucero: Everyone ran to the rooms.
Michelle Lucero: And he's like, I know I feel sorry for her. I'm like, Why do you feel sorry for that. That's why she does it. Because she knows you feel sorry for she could get her own plays. She's working. She's going to school, she can do it, but you're enabling her because you feel sorry for her.
Michelle Lucero: But then I also think he likes her being there because she helps him with like his bills not not paying them but she'll remind him when bills are due or does stuff for him like that she's been paying his bills online instead of happiness and in the chat.
Michelle Lucero: But
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's not skip over
Gwenevere Abriel: How again. Did you tell her I'm not staying. Let me hear it again.
Michelle Lucero: Um, yeah, I just told her, it's too much for me to be here during the week, Wednesday, one has school
Michelle Lucero: Because we don't have our own room there. So like he would have to do school outside or in the middle of the living room. Everyone's walking back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Michelle Lucero: So I, you know, she was like, you can just stay one night and I was like, No, I just didn't feel like being there with her there because like I said, the tension was just so high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, what you said and your reasoning. They're different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's, that's, but still, let's just wait here I'm writing a little note about one of your goals is continue working on implementing boundaries with older sister, it's specific to know well
Michelle Lucero: Yeah yeah i i would have not been able to tell her. Hey, you make me so uncomfortable. I'm leaving.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just noticed that. That's the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm not saying you're a bad sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying you're a bad friend and sister, because you have that fun
Michelle Lucero: I feel bad that I
Michelle Lucero: Can't tell her about it because I don't want to start a fight between her and the other house members.
Michelle Lucero: Do you know what I mean.
Michelle Lucero: I will tell her. Okay, so I want to tell her, like for instance yesterday when she drove up and her
Michelle Lucero: Just driving up everyone went to their rooms, I would have liked to tell her like
Michelle Lucero: Did you go say hi to everybody. Because like she just walked in and went straight to her room, she didn't go see my dad. She didn't. I mean, she said hi to me because I was in the living room.
Michelle Lucero: But like she didn't go to my brother's room.
Michelle Lucero: Or like say I'm home or anything. You know, like
Michelle Lucero: And then she complains, the minute she walked in the door.
Michelle Lucero: Because the house was hot, while my dad six. So we're not going to open windows.
Michelle Lucero: Like
Michelle Lucero: Oh, I don't know, I just, I couldn't got out of there quicker but I wanted to tell her, because I don't like that feeling that I can't talk to her, and that I can't tell her the way I really feel. And then I kind of feel bad because I'm like
Michelle Lucero: She has to know that my brother counts down her. She has to know that my dad's uncomfortable with or not there. I mean, with her there. Well, I don't think she does know that and I don't want to hurt her feelings telling her that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's just stay here. Stay with the
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to communicate and a lot of my encouraged is you paying attention to what you want what you need, what you prefer, and you are aware right now to do want her to know something, let's take a minute and just see
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be different if she knew your opinion. Just, just don't go too far from it. Just the next thing. So what would be different if she knew because it's just your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever it is, you know, What would be different about the tension that would exist at the house.
Michelle Lucero: If I did mention something
Michelle Lucero: I
Michelle Lucero: It would probably be worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: How awesome
Michelle Lucero: She was
Michelle Lucero: I don't think she would try to address anyone's feelings or try to
Michelle Lucero: Like
Michelle Lucero: Solve the problem. Do you know what I mean. I think she
Michelle Lucero: Get upset over it and start a bigger fight over it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would that look like right and played all the way through, you stop at a certain point, we're going to go even further.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't tell me what won't be. Tell me what will be because your imagination goes to what is there. So you're going to see something. So in your imagination. I tell her I tell her, and then she she would know how does she started fighting. How does the fights happen.
Michelle Lucero: She'll probably either go to my Dad's room to tell him like, why did you come to your room when I came home, why don't you ever come out when I'm not here. I mean, when I'm here. And he'd probably say I don't know I'm just tired or probably make up some excuse like we always do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there. I'm just tired. That would be your dad.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that okay, did he just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just tired.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, because he he
Michelle Lucero: He doesn't engage in her fighting because she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then she'll go find someone else to get more of a react.
Michelle Lucero: And then she'll go to my brother's room and he he won't wider her. He told tells her
Let me hear what
Gwenevere Abriel: She is going to talk
Michelle Lucero: Yes, she
Michelle Lucero: She'd probably go in and tell him why do you turn up the thermostat so high as she was going what is room to tell him that. And I told her, I'm the one that turned it up. So she wouldn't go fight with him.
Michelle Lucero: Anyways, what she would probably go to his room and tell him what's your problem with me. Why are you upset when I get home. Why do you get upset when I get home and my brother will tell her. Is your bitch. And I can't stand to be around you, you're up. Right.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what will happen.
Michelle Lucero: And then they'll fight about the other one movie now and then they both tell each other to go get screwed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll end up with a standoff and they'll just tell each other off. And that's it, or does it anything happened after that.
Michelle Lucero: No, I mean like that if my brother in the wild fight they they will hold a grudge for weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: When. What does it look like over there at that house with your brother and no well
Michelle Lucero: I usually leave before any of that happens. But I like my brother will come into the kitchen, or he'll be doing dishes in a while, will come in and she'll slammed the refrigerator closed and slam the dresser. I mean, the cabinet drawer.
Michelle Lucero: She's. That's the way she isn't.
Michelle Lucero: Just a scene and puffing and puffy and all over
Michelle Lucero: Thing little remarks under her breath.
Michelle Lucero: Like, that's the way it is with him in her, but then he's the same way to
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of them are doing
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Or and then like finally after two weeks they'll just both get so sick of being so angry all the time.
Michelle Lucero: That one of them will crack and apologize after like two weeks of putting my dad through how listening to them bickering and fighting like children.
Michelle Lucero: They finally apologized.
Gwenevere Abriel: How was he going through hell.
Michelle Lucero: Because he has to sit there and listen to them, Victor dream and complaining and hear them slamming doors and cabinets and
Michelle Lucero: I mean they don't take it out on him, but he can hear it. Like he lives in the house, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know it's helped for him.
Michelle Lucero: Because he tells me he's out
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, how he how he describes it.
Michelle Lucero: He says, Oh, I can't stand when those two are fighting
Michelle Lucero: And they tell them will do. Do they get mad at you. And he said, no, but I have to hear it from both of them. They'll both go and complain to my dad about the other one, like they're freaking six years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your dad done because he says he can't stand it. What has he done to address the issue. It's his house. What does he do
Michelle Lucero: He tells both of them. If you don't might get them move out. He tells them both that all the time.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know if you don't like living here. You're not happy. They move out. He tells them that constantly
Michelle Lucero: And then while we'll get into a huge fight because she doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please hit. Well, right. He says it constantly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying frequently probably
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I mean not constantly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's go with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's the solution. I will tell them. If you don't like it here, then you can move out that has been a consistent frequent solution. Your dad has used. Has he tried any other solutions.
Michelle Lucero: He's, he's tried many
Michelle Lucero: What like kill try to mediate for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: just yet.
Michelle Lucero: Haha
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the skills to mediate
Michelle Lucero: Well, not like clinically, but I mean he tries to, like, help them hash out their differences or fix whatever problem.
Does that work.
Michelle Lucero: Sometimes it does, but I think most of the time, they just stop fighting because they were they realize how upset. They've made him.
Michelle Lucero: So, then they're like, shit. We're acting like idiots and then they'll just make up because they're like why are we making our 87 year old Dad has shell our problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you guessing right now.
Michelle Lucero: I'm guessing, because I've seen him try to
Michelle Lucero: Like problem solve for both of them.
Michelle Lucero: Like oh my god in a while, has a stupid cat. I mean, she's not stupid. I love the cat. But she's, she's the like the problem in the house.
Michelle Lucero: My brother loves her cat. The cat loves my brother no while gets jealous of the cat wants to be in my brother's room. My dad hates the cat doesn't want it anywhere.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, man. No. Well, like it's a long haired cat. So there's cat hair everywhere in that house and my dad complains, and complains and complain so that cat is like the main problem in that house. I feel so sorry for it What Noel's usually bitching at my brother because he'll overfeed the cat.
Like
Michelle Lucero: She's not on big fat cat. So it's not like she can't eat a little more, you know, he doesn't give her that much more
Michelle Lucero: Or he'll give her treats more than a while does. I think that's why the cat likes my brother so much because he always feed her. No, no, I'll get so jealous and they'll fight over that.
Michelle Lucero: So then my dad will tell him a while. Okay, well then leave your door locked. When you leave. So Davey can't go in your room to let the cat out because obviously the cat can open the door itself so Davies, letting the cat out. So why don't you leave your door locked
Michelle Lucero: And or hilltown my brother will just leave the cattle room don't take the cat into your room if Noel's going to complain to you about feeding the cat just don't let that get in your room.
Michelle Lucero: So my dad's trying to like
Michelle Lucero: Prevent them from having fights or more fight over stupid things or like Davey, he's set the water temperature, higher because we have lowered it because it was getting like super burning hot like you could really bring yourself a month hot water. So my brother.
Michelle Lucero: low or no we lowered it so then he hired it. So we've got hot again and wow bitched about that. Like, it's just never ending. They always find something to complain about
Gwenevere Abriel: If your dad was not bothered by their bickering and they're fighting, they're arguing
Gwenevere Abriel: Would it be this a yes or no and then we'll go on to the next one, would it be easier for you to be over at that house.
Michelle Lucero: If my dad wasn't bothered by it.
Michelle Lucero: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you bothered by your siblings arguing. Yes. Okay, so let's leave that out of it for a second. When you see arguing what does it remind you of how old is that being bothered by people arguing. How old is that that feeling.
Michelle Lucero: Very old
Michelle Lucero: It was four years old. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it turns out it's not your job to get them to stop arguing, but the job is for you to be able to hold on to yourself and see that they have some growing up to do and for you to sort of be around that and still function.
Gwenevere Abriel: Functioning might mean leaving, but that it isn't your job to change that behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, learning this sort of this desensitisation to being around that arguing
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it did sound familiar to me too. It sounds a lot like, Mom, Dad, arguing and you having to leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Your siblings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are likely to continue to act like you call them six years old, six year olds. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until they're treated like adults.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is between them and their father.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: May have his own unconscious reasons for leaving it just the way it is. He'll do only this much, because he it is within his power to say please leave
Gwenevere Abriel: He can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what is it like for you to imagine that you might end up maturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And your siblings remain
Gwenevere Abriel: Like six years old, like six year olds still bickering, what would it be like for you to grow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they don't
Michelle Lucero: I mean, it bothers me because I don't want to be around them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Well, the more you actually, the more you grow up, probably the less you're going to want to be around it.
Right.
Michelle Lucero: I mean i i literally miss them. It just
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I
Michelle Lucero: Don't want to be around them. It's always something, especially with no well
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you see how that say I miss them. So let's rewind to all this big imagination. You have about how these awful things that are going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you speak your truth. Look what your truth is your truth is I miss my sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: I miss you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't have to be telling her, she's doing something wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could just be
Gwenevere Abriel: It breaks my heart to hear you guys talking like the way you do showing your anger instead of expressing and working through with communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reminds me of my childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it makes me sad. Makes me
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to be home and away from the arguing. I've got arguing in my own home. And here it is, and
Gwenevere Abriel: And while I miss you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference between how you thought you might say it to her and how if you get to your own heartfelt underlying emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe she could hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or at least maybe you could work up the courage to speak your truth without getting yourself all into this imagination and the truth of the matter is, no matter how ridiculous this gets right and you played it pretty far.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your worst case scenario, your dad basically knows he can keep them out, they end up apologizing to each other and everybody's ultimately okay even in the worst case scenario.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even in the presence of arguing and I know it's uncomfortable, but you're okay. You made it through.
Michelle Lucero: I've been very emotional.
Michelle Lucero: By the way,
Michelle Lucero: I don't know. I don't know what it is. It might be like my time of the month, I don't know, but I'm very
Michelle Lucero: Like stupid commercial made me cry. There's money.
Michelle Lucero: That's normal, though, for like around my menstrual cycle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine someone coming to you and saying, I miss you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the tension between you and Anthony, it's a reminds me of my own childhood and it I get anxious and that's all I just preoccupies my mind.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, that just happened to me. My niece, the Diva just called me, Mike.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you are you mad at her, did you take it out on your children because she said that
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on. If you have a lived experience from the consumer of direct communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Flip it around. What if we treated in a while like a capable woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you spoke to her your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad will take care of himself brother will take clearly your brother will take care of themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she'll be treated like an adult where you see that she's capable of hearing your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could hear you're about to tell me a story about your nice I interrupted you. I know I did that. But I didn't want to miss the parallel didn't want to skip over that go into story because you really
Michelle Lucero: That would, that would be great if I could tell Noel, the way my niece told me, like she didn't even have a problem, telling me.
Michelle Lucero: I don't, I don't know if know Wildwood, I'm pretty sure she would have reacted this they might the same way I did and apologize to her for feeling that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm lost. Why would somebody apologize for your feeling. I don't get it.
Michelle Lucero: So my niece was like, oh, I miss you so much and I told her I know. Well, you're not working, you don't go anywhere. Why don't you come by, like, you don't go anywhere. She they've been home for like literally three months. I mean, three weeks.
Michelle Lucero: And she was like, No, I don't go over there, especially when Anthony's there because you all you guys just by okay
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your emotion when you heard that well was
Michelle Lucero: I felt sad.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, I felt bad for that being the reason why she didn't come over
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so still move stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you throw a shoe at your nice
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you do
Michelle Lucero: I literally apologize. I told her, I'm so sorry, I don't mean to fight with him in for new when you when you guys are here. Like, I thought I did pretty good at not fighting with him but like with me, they could feel the tension, just like I could at my desktop.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can tell right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you let's rewind. Let's say you're nice says this, again, give me her name. She's got a cool name. What's her name again.
Michelle Lucero: That diva.
Gwenevere Abriel: The team. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All these needs. I can't keep them on my head. So what if you didn't apologize. This time practice the skill of I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: A city that says, yeah, I would accept you guys are fighting and I really want to be around it. What if you didn't go to. I'm sorry, but instead you went to how it felt to hear that if someone else notices it
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what could you have said a little differently. Instead of apologizing. What might you say
Michelle Lucero: That makes me feel sad to hear you say that, or to hear you feel that way when you come over
Michelle Lucero: To hear that you feel that way when you come over
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are aware of us in our discord.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it just stayed there. What if it just stayed there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen right just goes, nice and slow.
Michelle Lucero: I mean,
Michelle Lucero: I don't know. I mean, it would probably make her feel a little bit better feeling carrying that I feel sad about. I mean, not good. But you know what I mean. But I don't think it would
Michelle Lucero: Make her start coming around. It's not gonna change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is, this is, this is your downfall right there you are, every time I do any of these pieces. So I'm not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every single time you go to outcome.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like I can almost like I wish I could catch it fast enough. And I do a lot of interrupting of you to try and try to intervene before you go, but nothing's going to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fast
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are keep trying to control the outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are going to miss out on your entire life. It's going to pass right baya
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to say your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: cannot control your dad's response can control your sister's response. How many years have you been trying to prevent people from getting hurt feelings and fighting so that you don't feel I'm comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: How many years.
Michelle Lucero: All my life, my whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know that there are people on this planet that don't make that decision and they're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. Okay, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your way is automatic. And you got here early, early, early age 456 really young stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that isn't the only way
Gwenevere Abriel: To perceive what's going on around you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Interact with it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you might benefit from intervening is let go of trying to control the outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been doing it for years. So, so I want you to just write, think about you know how you heard you know your poor playing or lack of planning is not my emergency. How about how about this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't the definition of insanity continuing to do the same thing you've always done getting the same results. So it's that same right that comes from the recovery community, actually. So, aren't you doing that.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We if I'm your sister, your brother. I'm your dad. I'm cities.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to control me
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to hear your truth I respect you. I care about you and I believe you don't try and control me
Gwenevere Abriel: By not being full tilt. Michelle, do you get that
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you all do me. I can handle myself. I don't need you managing me over here, see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are off the hook. Don't have to take care of me. Don't have to take care of her, and him and them and them and them. It has been a reason for you to not look inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has spared you growth potential. And I believe in your show. I think you've got the stuff I think you can do it. I think you can do you just just great.
Gwenevere Abriel: There have been times when you have not been around. No. Well, because she was in a little bitch fest and so were you or whatever it was, however, it can be out and you're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You went to another friend, or maybe you you know did a little bit more sleeping or maybe you have a little boredom, or whatever. But you did get through it and not all of them were you using drugs, some of them. You did just fine. Just do when you is that right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you do have evidence that you can be okay. Even when there's distance from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five years from now 10 years from now if you continue doing what you're doing. Are you going to like this vision of yourself to keep sacrificing who you are, for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture who you're going to be five and 10 years from now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still not speaking your truth to this person.
Michelle Lucero: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What she looked like what you want is this future version of you look like if you don't do you authentically
Michelle Lucero: Just the same way I am now just
Michelle Lucero: Um, I don't know how to say it like
Michelle Lucero: Hi, prevent myself from living because I keep like I want to go to my dad's and spend time with him, but I don't. So like, I'm going to keep
Michelle Lucero: Just staying home not going out or doing things because I'm afraid of
Michelle Lucero: Arguments happening or fights happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that woman you picture. Is she happy.
No.
Michelle Lucero: I think all day about ways to talk to not only know while but my brother.
Michelle Lucero: Or my dad and it's, it sounds great. And I think about it. But when it comes down to it, I don't, I don't know, like I don't have the guts to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The risk is they'll never talk to you again. It's not the worst fear.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: I guess that could be it.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know, or her just turn it around on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you done that 100 times
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you're controlling is for nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not working. I mean, I don't know how many more hundreds. I mean, you want to do it like you have like 15 years. Give it a shot.
Michelle Lucero: I would love to tell her, like in the spare the moment not even having to think about it. Just write them in there. The way I'm feeling just I don't
Michelle Lucero: I don't know how to do that.
Michelle Lucero: So you i do i do know how to do that.
Michelle Lucero: I just, I'm afraid of the outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Send us your burden you have been reinforcing her behavior and so has dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's something that parts on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do play a part. When we dance around we let people get when we don't say that organic result of being treated like shit, we're reinforcing it and I'm sorry. Nobody likes to hear that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: The hard part is to do with the TV did, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Toxic
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's gonna love you dad is going to love you for others gonna love you. That is not going anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe if you saw your sister as capable
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of right that she's a six year old maybe she would step into those big girl pants and where
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you want to be continued to be viewed as incapable and be treated like incapable of handling things and just tiptoed around and treated like a baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Are you sure
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I hate when a while. Does it to me.
Hmm.
Michelle Lucero: So like I see myself doing what she's done in the past.
Michelle Lucero: She's hasn't done it lately, though, like trying to control me or tell me how she thinks I should be she hasn't done that, like, I think the last fight we had was about that. So she's been pretty good at not doing that. But now I see myself doing to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your truth is
Gwenevere Abriel: I miss you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention in this House.
Gwenevere Abriel: passive aggressive behavior when we can. You guys are slamming doors instead of sharing how you feel when you're showing how you feel is unsettling for me because of my early trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you both, and I miss you so much. I miss dead, too, but the tensions too much, much. Have a good afternoon. I'll call you later baby, I'm out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What the heck is so wrong with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't stick around and continue to defend your position. There's nothing to defend, but you're going to want to do that. Well, yeah, but you do this and you know that's not what it is. It's this would be a baby step for you, sharing how you feel and what you see
Gwenevere Abriel: And not have it be invalidated by someone else, and just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm issue, and you might even cheer up and there might be, you know, I can't be here. It's too. It's just too emotionally intense and I'm missing out and
Gwenevere Abriel: I missed down to I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I sure wish you guys knew how to communicate how you feel, versus showing each other, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's so wrong with how I'm saying it.
Michelle Lucero: Nothing you say a perfect
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you told me you know what to do. But look at what I'm doing. I'm not paying attention to outcome that's where you get tripped up. I'm done. I say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you. I'm going to call you later. I gotta go.
Gwenevere Abriel: She is going to be stuck with having to deal with someone's actual feedback, instead of walking on eggshells around her.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have every right to your feelings. She has every right to hers. Michelle, she can be indignant, she can be insulted. She can be whatever she wants to
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to hold on to yourself. You get tripped up with. I can't have anyone arguing, I will lose love I will lose what the little morsel that I have
Gwenevere Abriel: So these are your choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: Risk that and now you have yourself. You have your integrity, you have your honesty. Maybe the relationship will change. Maybe at well
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what does that woman look like five years from now, you
Michelle Lucero: The one that
Michelle Lucero: Speaks hurts.
Yes.
Michelle Lucero: She'd be happy and
Michelle Lucero: Smiling all the time, not fighting with anyone hanging out with all the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: I isn't that possible. Also, why can't that be possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice, you're already thinking of outcome. It happens fast that will work. She'll end up. Yeah, you probably went there, didn't you
Michelle Lucero: Totally that
Gwenevere Abriel: Your happiness, your mental health probably your physical health. Having watched what this does to the body. When we hold things in for years and years and years is at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much resentment, you're going to have towards Noel because you didn't speak after 10 years 15 more years of this
Michelle Lucero: So much
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were on the receiving end of it. Would you rather hear some truth telling, even if it hurts, something you don't like about yourself because you're not perfect. I'm not perfect. When I have to hear about things that I don't like about myself. I hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will tell
Gwenevere Abriel: Me I'm patient, tell me. I mean, I'm going to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: See myself right
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I would rather like I loved that. My niece could tell me the way she felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that a compliment to you to your strength that someone could truth tell and not tiptoe around you is not something once you give that to Noel that woman is
Gwenevere Abriel: Bigger than life she can handle it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to hold on to yourself, Well, she has a little freak out. But that's not about her love for you say that out loud, say that back.
Michelle Lucero: That's not about her love for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she freaks out with your honesty. What is that about
Michelle Lucero: Her that's her honesty. That's curse out
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is she being defensive
Michelle Lucero: Because she didn't see herself that way or she didn't notice she was acting that way. No that's not it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't like that. What you're saying is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why the sooner we can get ahold of our own vulnerability or own failures, right, then we're not as defensive. That's why you didn't get defensive, you already know you got this fucker going on with your husband, so right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she needs to own it, but that's her business you're walking out the room, you're going to go take care of yourself getting the current though she's got a face for own demons your face in years. How fun was it for you to call yourself an addict for a second. Like that sucked.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how many of you were you're no different than the rest of us. You didn't like that energy yourself well she don't like to be thought of is not being the most you know communicative and mature. She won't like it. That's not your problem, you know, she gonna have to work it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have to maintain yourself in the presence of someone fighting it is not to parents
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's going to take bracing everything you got holding the dog while you're there holding your son a transitional object, you know, hold on to yourself, brace yourself, but you are not four years old, who are strong, capable, intelligent charming wonderful woman, you're not for
But it can feel like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Clinics clients here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a plan ALREADY, STICK WITH THEM plug those things in your phone with lots of good half hour of times to make sure you check in, because things are taking a long time in there.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, thank you.
I'll see on Monday.
Michelle Lucero: Bye bye.